update(options/datadirs): add v6 use-case specifics to options page (#62)
cross-seed/cross-seed.org: docs/basics/options.md

to create a link to the original file in the linkDir during data-based searchs
where it cannot find a associated torrent file.

> When using V6, this field should only be set in two specific use-cases: 
> 1. if you are downloading through usenet or other non-torrent means. This will always be necessary if 
> you want cross-seed to match against this content. 
> 2. if you have content in your media directories not inside your torrent client. Here you only need
> to perform a search with `dataDirs` ONCE. At the moment, the best way to do this is to add the relevant
> directories to your `dataDirs` setting and then delete them later. This use-case could be better supported in a future update.
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### General Usage in v6

Starting in v6.0.0, this option is generally only applicable in two cases:

1. You are downloading through Usenet or other non-torrent methods in order to
   match new content not present in your torrent client.

2. You have content in your media or data directories that is not already
   present in your torrent client. In this scenario, you only need to perform a
   search with `dataDirs` **once**. After the initial search, you should remove
   the directories from `dataDirs` entirely.
```
